docs(usage-guidelines): init wo2 (#1020)
ec-europa/europa-component-library: src/website/src/pages/ec/components/page-banner/docs/usage.mdx

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">

>   A page banner displays a prominent message and related optional actions.

Reviewer: The text here is exactly the same as hero banner. It doesn't help to see potential differencies between these components.
As far as I see, the main difference is the page where the banner is displayed. So we could write it directly in this paragraph

Author: I can't agree more, this needs to be rewritten.

>   A page banner displays a prominent message and related optional actions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A page banner is smaller than a hero banner. It is to be used for campaigns or on a homepage where it replaces the page header component. 
```

  Banners are displayed on the homepage below the site header of EC sites. It
  conveys an important message to your audience. Page banners are a good way to
  channel your visitors to complete a specific task (ex: register to an event,
  apply for funding... ). The user can choose to ignore them or interact with

>   them at any time.

Reviewer 2: Please delete lines10-14

</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

> Banners should have a focused message and provide users with clear actions to take. They should be placed at the top of a layout or screen. When scrolling, banners typically move with content and scroll off the screen. Only one banner should be shown at a time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Banners should be placed at the top of a webpage. It can have a combination of a photo or graphics with copy and call to action. Depending on the need, not all elements are mandatory.
```

Author: "copy" is ambiguous for non writer and non native english.
I would suggest to use the word "text" instead.

Page banner images have an aspect ratio of 4:1, meaning the width will be always four times the height of the images;

| Name                    | Mandatory | Restrictions                                              |
| ----------------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Supporting illustration | Optional  | choice of 2 background colours when no image              |

Reviewer: in other components there is just a cross (or not) in the mandatory column

| Container               | Mandatory | 100-150 characters maximum, including punctuation         |

> | Text                    | Mandatory | 3-word max – 25 characters maximum, including punctuation |

Reviewer: no button here? But there is one on the showcase, so I guess it has to be updated

## When to use

> - Exclusively on the homepage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Exclusively on the homepage or a landing page
- When there is an overreaching message to users
```

> - To communicate messages which are important but don’t require user action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To communicate an important message, to capture the user’s attention
```

> - To communicate a change, an error, or an important event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 
```

- To be considered as part of an overall website messaging strategy.

## When not to use

> - Do not use more than one banner at a time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Do not use more than one banner in the webpage
```

> - Do not use banners as ‘alerts supporting a feedback mechanism’.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> - Don’t include more than one call to action in a banner.

Reviewer: button or not button? :)

Author: that is the question...

## DO's

- The supporting illustration is

  - relevant
  - high quality
  - emotionally persuasive
  - the minimum ratio is 4:1

> ## DON'Ts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## DON'Ts
  - When there is no clear focus, nothing particular to promote 
  - Use sliders; a user is less likely to click on the image
```

Author: "Use sliders; a user is less likely to click on the image"  what does it mean?

Author: " When there is no clear focus, nothing particular to promote " is clearly a "when not to use" rather than a don't
